What is it?
Stay here, please.
Guess I shoulda knocked.
Oh, my God!
What are you doing here?
Disappointing my kids.
I'm supposed to go
waterskiing.
Cap needs our help. Come on.
Clint!
You should not be here.
Really?
I retire for, what,
like five minutes,
and it all
goes to shit.
Please consider
the consequences
of your actions.
Okay, they're considered.
Okay, we gotta go.
It's this way.
I've caused
enough problems.
You gotta help me, Wanda.
Look, you wanna mope,
you can go to high school.
You wanna make amends,
you get off your ass.
Shit.
I knew I should've stretched.
Clint,
you can't overpower me.
I know I can't.
But she can.
Vision, that's enough.
Let him go.
I'm leaving.
I can't let you.
I'm sorry.
If you do this...
they will never stop
being afraid of you.
I can't control their fear,
only my own.
Oh...
Come on. We got
one more stop.
Strange!
You're okay.
A relative term. But yeah, I'm okay.
The Cloak of Levitation.
It came to you.
No minor feat.
It's a fickle thing.
- He's escaped.
- Kaecilius?
Yeah.
He can fold space and matter at will.
He folds matter
outside the Mirror Dimension...
in the real world?
Yeah.
-How many more?
-Two.
I stranded one in the desert.
And the other?
His body's in the hall.
Master Drumm is in the foyer.
He's been taken back to Kamar-Taj.
The London Sanctum has fallen.
Only New York and Hong Kong
remain now...
to shield us from the Dark Dimension.
You defended the New York Sanctum
from attack.
With its master gone, it needs another.
Master Strange.
No.
It is Doctor Strange.
Not Master Strange. Not Mister Strange.
Doctor Strange.
When I became a doctor,
I swore an oath to do no harm.
And I have just killed a man!
I'm not doing that again.
I became a doctor
to save lives, not take them.
You became a doctor
to save one life above all others.
Your own.
Still seeing through me, are you?
I see what I've always seen:
your over-inflated ego.
You want to go back to the delusion
that you can control anything...
even death...
which no one can control.
Not even the great
Doctor Stephen Strange.
Not even Dormammu?
He offers immortality.
It's our fear of death
that gives Dormammu life.
He feeds off it.
Like you feed off him?
You talk to me about controlling death?
Oh, I know how you do it.
I've seen the missing rituals
from The Book of Cagliostro.
Measure your next words
very carefully, doctor.
Because you might not like them?
Because you may not know
of what you speak.
What is he talking about?
I'm talking about her long life,
the source of her immortality.
She draws power
from the Dark Dimension
to stay alive.
That's not true.
I've seen the rituals. Worked them out.
I know how you do it.
Once they regroup...
the Zealots will be back.
You'll need reinforcements.
She's not who you think she is.
You don't have the right to say that.
You've no idea the responsibility
that rests upon her shoulders.
No, and I don't want to know.
You're a coward.
Because I'm not a killer?
These Zealots will snuff us all out...
and you can't muster the strength
to snuff them first?
What do you think I just did?
You saved your own life!
And then whined about it
like a wounded dog.
Oh, you would have done it so easily?
You've no idea the things I've done.
And the answer is yes.
Without hesitation.
Even if there's another way?
There is no other way.
You lack imagination.
No, Stephen.
You lack a spine.
They're back.
We have to end this.
Now!
Strange!
Get down here and fight!
No!
The Mirror Dimension.
You can't affect the real world in here.
Who's laughing now?
Asshole.
I am.
I've got his sling ring.
They can't escape, right?
Run!
Their connection
to the Dark Dimension
makes them more powerful
in the Mirror Dimension.
They can't affect the real world,
but they can still kill us.
This wasn't cleverness. It was suicide!
That is hilarious.
This was a mistake.
Whoa.
Oh!
It's true.
She does draw power
from the Dark Dimension.
Kaecilius.
I came to you broken...
lost, in need.
Trusted you to be my teacher,
and you fed me lies.
I tried to protect you.
-From the truth?
-From yourself.
I have a new teacher now.
Dormammu deceives you.
You have no idea what he truly is.
His eternal life is not paradise,
but torment.
Liar.
It's just
a matter of time.
Our satellites are running
facial, biometric,
and behavioral pattern scans.
Move or you will be moved.
As entertaining
as that would be...
You really think
you can find him?
My resources are
considerable.
Yeah, it took the world
70 years to find Barnes...
so you could probably do that
in about half the time.
You know where they are.
I know someone who does.
Not sure you
understand the concept
of a getaway car.
It's low profile.
Good, because this stuff
tends to draw a crowd.
Can you move
your seat up?
No.
I owe you again.
Keeping a list.
You know, he kinda
tried to kill me.
Sorry. I'll put it
on the list, too.
They're going to come
looking for you.
I know.
Thank you, Sharon.
That was...
Late.
Damn right.
I should go.
Okay.
Cap.
You know I wouldn't
have called
if I had any other choice.
Hey, man,
you're doing me a favor.
Besides, I owe a debt.
Thanks for having
my back.
It was time to
get off my ass.
How about our
other recruit?
He's rarin' to go.
Had to put a little
coffee in him...
but he should be good.
What time zone is this?
Come on. Come on.
Captain America!
Mr. Lang.
It's an honor.
I'm shaking
your hand too long.
Wow! This is awesome!
Captain America.
I know you, too.
You're great!
Jeez.
Ah, look, I wanna say,
I know you know
a lot of super people, so...
thinks for thanking of me.
Hey, man!
What's up, Tic Tac?
Uh, good to see you.
Look, what happened
last time when I...
It was a great audition,
but it'll never happen again.
They tell you what
we're up against?
Something about
some psycho-assassins?
We're outside the law
on this one.
So if you come with us,
you're a wanted man.
Yeah, well, what else is new?
We should get moving.
We got a chopper lined up.
They're evacuating
the airport.
Stark.
Stark?
Suit up.
Christine!
Are you kidding me?
Oh, my God.
It's not fibrillation.
She has a stunned myocardium.
- Neurogenic?
- Yes.
Someone get the swabs.
Nic?
We need to relieve
the pressure on her brain.
She's still dropping.
We're losing her!
We need to increase her oxygen!
I need a crash cart!
Her pupils have dilated!
No reflexes.
We're not reading any brain activity.
What are you doing?
Come on, you're dying!
You have to return to your body now.
You don't have time.
Time is relative.
Your body hasn't even hit the floor yet.
I've spent so many years...
peering through time...
looking at this exact moment.
But I can't see past it.
I've prevented countless,
terrible futures.
And after each one,
there's always another.
And they all lead here...
but never further.
You think this is where you die.
You wonder what I see in your future?
No.
Yes.
I never saw your future.
Only its possibilities.
You have such a capacity for goodness.
You always excelled...
but not because you craved success...
but because of your fear of failure.
That's what made me a great doctor.
It's precisely what kept you
from greatness.
Arrogance and fear still keep you...
from learning the simplest
and most significant lesson of all.
Which is?
It's not about you.
When you first came to me...
you asked me how I was able
to heal Jonathan Pangborn.
I didn't.
He channels dimensional energy
directly into his own body.
He uses magic to walk?
Constantly.
He had a choice...
to return to his own life...
or to serve something
greater than himself.
So I could have my hands back again?
My old life?
You could.
And the world would be
all the lesser for it.
I've hated drawing power
from the Dark Dimension.
But as you well know...
sometimes one must break the rules...
in order to serve the greater good.
Mordo won't see it that way.
Mordo's soul is rigid and unmovable...
forged by the fires of his youth.
He needs your flexibility...
just as you need his strength.
Only together do you stand a chance
of stopping Dormammu.
I'm not ready.
No one ever is.
We don't get to choose our time.
Death is what gives life meaning.
To know your days are numbered.
Your time is short.
You'd think after
all this time, I'd be ready.
But look at me.
Stretching one moment out
into a thousand...
just so that I can watch the snow.
Are you okay?
I don't understand what's happening.
I know.
But I have to go away now.
You said that losing my hands
didn't have to be the end.
That it could be a beginning.
Yeah.
Because there are other ways
to save lives.
A harder way.
A weirder way.
Doctor Palmer
to the ER, please.
Doctor Palmer to the ER.
I don't want you to go.
Stop!
Wow, it's so weird
how you run
into people at the airport.
- Don't you think that's weird?
- Definitely weird.
Hear me out, Tony.
That doctor, the psychiatrist,
he's behind all of this.
Captain.
Your Highness.
Anyway...
Ross gave me 36 hours
to bring you in.
That was 24 hours ago.
Can you help a brother out?
You're after
the wrong guy.
Your judgment is askew.
Your old war buddy killed
innocent people yesterday.
And there are five
more super soldiers
just like him.
I can't let the doctor
find them first, Tony.
I can't.
Steve...
you know what's
about to happen.
Do you really wanna punch
your way out of this one?
All right, I've run out
of patience.
Underoos!
- Nice job, kid.
- Thanks.
I could have stuck the landing
a little better, it's just...
New suit.
It's nothing, Mr. Stark.
It's perfect. Thank you.
Yeah, we don't really need
to start a conversation.
Okay. Cap. Captain.
Big fan. I'm Spider-Man.
Yeah, we'll talk
about it later.
- Hey, everyone.
- Good job.
You've been busy.
And you've been
a complete idiot.
Dragging in Clint...
"Rescuing" Wanda from a place
she doesn't even want
to leave, a safe place.
I'm trying to keep...
I'm trying to keep you from
tearing the Avengers apart.
You did that
when you signed.
All right, we're done.
You're gonna turn Barnes over,
you're gonna come with us,
now, because it's us...
or a squad of J-SOC guys...
with no compunction
about being impolite.
Come on.
We found it.
Their Quinjet's in
hangar five, north runway.
All right, Lang.
Hey, guys, something...
Whoa.
What the hell was that?
I believe this is yours,
Captain America.
Oh, great.
All right, there's two
on the parking deck.
One of them's Maximoff,
I'm gonna grab her.
Rhodey, you wanna take Cap?
Got two in the terminal,
Wilson and Barnes.
Barnes is mine.
Hey, Mr. Stark,
what should I do?
What we discussed.
Keep your distance,
web them up.
Okay, copy that.
Move, Captain.
I won't ask a second time.
Look, I really don't
want to hurt you.
I wouldn't stress about it.
What the hell
is that?
Everyone's got
a gimmick now.
You have a metal arm?
That is awesome, dude.
You have the right
to remain silent!
Sorry, Cap,
this won't kill you...
but it ain't gonna
tickle either.
Wanda, I think you hurt
Vision's feelings.
You locked me
in my room.
Okay, first,
that's an exaggeration.
Second, I did it
to protect you.
Hey, Clint.
Hey, man.
Clearly,
retirement doesn't suit you.
You got tired of
shooting golf?
Well, I played 18, shot 18.
Just can't seem to miss.
First time for everything.
Made you look.
Multiple
contusions detected.
Yeah, I detected that, too.
Oh, God!
Hey, buddy,
I think you lost this!
Ahh!
Those wings carbon fiber?
Is this stuff
coming out of you?
That would explain the
rigidity-flexibility ratio,
which, gotta say,
that's awesome, man.
I don't know if you've
been in a fight before...
but there's usually
not this much talking.
All right, sorry.
My bad.
Guys, look,
I'd love to
keep this up,
but I've only got
one job here today...
and I gotta impress Mr. Stark,
so, I'm really sorry.
You couldn't have
done that earlier?
I hate you.
Great.
Hey, Cap, heads-up!
Throw it at this.
Now!
Oh, come on!
Oh, man,
I thought it was
a water truck.
Uh, sorry.
All right,
now I'm pissed.
Is this part
of the plan?
Well, my plan was
go easy on them.
You wanna switch it up?
There's our ride.
Come on!
Captain Rogers...
I know you believe
what you're doing is right.
But for the collective good...
you must surrender now.
What do we do, Cap?
We fight.
This is gonna end well.
They're not stopping.
Neither are we.
We're still friends, right?
Depends on how hard
you hit me.
You were pulling
your punches.
I didn't kill
your father.
Then why did you run?
That thing does not obey
the laws of physics at all.
Look, kid, there's
a lot going on here
that you don't understand.
Mr. Stark said
you'd say that. Wow.
He also said to go
for your legs.
Ahhh!
Clint, can you get him off me?
Buckled in?
Yeah.
No, I'm good.
I'm good, Arrow Guy.
Let's go!
Stark tell you
anything else?
That you're wrong.
You think you're right.
That makes you dangerous.
Guess he had a point.
You got heart, kid.
Where you from?
Queens.
Brooklyn.
Friday?
We have some
weapon systems offline.
What?
Oh, you're gonna have to
take this into the shop.
Who's speaking?
It's your conscience. We don't
talk a lot these days.
Friday?
Deploying fire
suppression system.
Uh-oh.
Oh, boy!
Whoa!
We gotta go.
That guy's probably
in Siberia by now.
We gotta draw out the flyers.
I'll take Vision,
you get to the jet.
No, you get to the jet!
Both of you!
The rest of us
aren't getting out of here.
As much as I hate
to admit it...
if we're gonna win this one,
some of us
might have to lose it.
This isn't
the real fight, Steve.
All right, Sam.
What's the play?
We need a diversion.
Something big.
I got something kinda big.
But I can't hold it very long.
On my signal,
run like hell.
And if I tear myself
in half...
don't come back for me.
He's gonna tear
himself in half?
You sure about this, Scott?
I do it all the time.
I mean, once. In a lab.
Then I passed out.
I'm the boss, I'm the boss,
I'm the boss.
Holy shit!
Okay, tiny dude is big now.
He's big now.
I guess that's the signal.
Way to go, Tic Tac!
Give me back my Rhodey.
I got him.
Okay, anybody on our side
hiding any shocking
and fantastic abilities
they'd like to disclose...
I'm open to suggestions.
You wanna get to them...
you gotta go through me.
Uh-huh.
We haven't met yet.
I'm Clint.
I don't care.
Whoa!
Ahhh!
Get off!
Something just flew in me!
You're not gonna stop.
You know I can't.
I'm gonna regret this.
Go.
Hey, guys, you ever see
that really old movie,
Empire Strikes Back?
Jesus, Tony,
how old is this guy?
I don't know,
I didn't carbon-date him.
He's on the young side.
You know that part where
they're on the snow planet...
with the walking thingies?
Maybe the kid's
onto something.
High now, Tony. Go high.
Yes!
That was awesome!
Does anyone have
any orange slices?
Kid, you all right?
Whoa!
Same side. Guess who.
Hi. It's me.
- Hey, man.
- Yeah.
- That was scary.
You're done, all right?
What? I'm good, I'm fine.
You did a good job.
Stay down.
No, it's good.
I gotta get him back.
You're going home
or I'll call Aunt May!
You're done!
Wait.
Mr. Stark, wait.
I'm not done. I'm not...
Okay, I'm done. I'm done.
I said I'd help
you find him, not catch him.
There's a difference.
I'm sorry.
Me, too.
It's as I said.
Catastrophe.
Vision, I got a bandit
on my six.
Vision! You copy?
Target his thruster,
turn him into a glider.
Rhodey!
Tony, I'm flying dead stick.
Rhodes!
Read vitals.
Heartbeat detected.
Emergency medical
is on its way.
I'm sorry.
She's dead.
You were right.
She wasn't who I thought she was.
She was complicated.
Complicated?
The Dark Dimension is volatile.
Dangerous.
What if it overtook her?
She taught us it was forbidden...
while she drew on its power
to steal centuries of life.
She did what she thought was right.
The bill comes due.
Don't you see?
Her transgressions
led the Zealots to Dormammu.
Kaecilius was her fault!
And here we are...
in the consequence of her deception.
A world on fire.
Mordo, the London Sanctum has fallen.
The New York one
has been attacked twice.
You know where they're going next.
Hong Kong.
You told me once to fight
like my life depended on it...
because one day, it might.
Well, today is that day.
I cannot defeat them alone.
The Sanctum's already fallen.
The Dark Dimension.
Dormammu is coming.
It's too late.
Nothing can stop him.
Not necessarily.
No.
The spell's working.
We've got a second chance.
Whoa!
No!
Wong.
Breaking the laws of nature. I know.
Well, don't stop now.
When the Sanctum's restored,
they'll attack it again.
We've got to defend it.
Come on!
Get up, Strange.
Get up and fight.
We can finish this.
You can't fight the inevitable.
Isn't it beautiful?
A world beyond time.
Beyond death.
-Beyond time...
-Strange.
He's gone.
Even Strange has left you
and surrendered to his power.
Dormammu, I've come to bargain.
You've come to die.
Your world is now my world...
like all worlds.
Dormammu, I've come to bargain.
You've come to die.
Your world is now my...
What is this?
Illusion?
No. This is real.
Good.
Dormammu, I've come to bargain.
You've... What is happening?
Just as you gave Kaecilius
powers from your dimension...
I brought a little power from mine.
This is time.
Endless looped time.
You dare!
Oh...
Dormammu, I've come to bargain.
You cannot do this forever.
Actually, I can.
This is how things are now.
You and me, trapped in this moment...
endlessly.
Then you will spend eternity dying.
Yes. But everyone on Earth will live.
But you will suffer.
Pain's an old friend.
Dormammu...
I've come to bargain.
End this!
Dormammu... Dormammu...
Dormammu...
You will never win.
No...
but I can lose...
again and again...
and again...
and again, forever.
And that makes you my prisoner.
No!
Stop!
Make this stop!
Set me free!
No.
I've come to bargain.
What do you want?
Take your Zealots from the Earth.
End your assault on my world.
Never come back.
Do it...
and I'll break the loop.
Get up, Strange!
Get up and fight.
We can finish this.
Isn't it beautiful?
A world beyond time.
Beyond death.
What have you done?
I made a bargain.
What is this?
Well, it's everything you've ever wanted.
Eternal life as part of the One.
You're not gonna like it.
Yeah, you know, you really should have
stolen the whole book
because the warnings...
The warnings come after the spells.
Oh, that's funny.
We did it.
Yes.
Yes, we did it.
By also violating...
the natural law.
Look around you. It's over.
You still think there will be
no consequences, Strange?
No price to pay?
We broke our rules, just like her.
The bill comes due.
Always!
A reckoning.
I will follow this path no longer.
What's gonna happen
to your friends?
Whatever it is...
I'll deal with it.
I don't know if
I'm worth all this, Steve.
What you did
all those years...
It wasn't you.
You didn't have a choice.
I know.
But I did it.
How did this happen?
I became distracted.
I didn't think
that was possible.
Neither did I.
The doctors say
he shattered L4 through S1.
Extreme laceration
to the spinal cord.
Probably looking at
some form of paralysis.
Steve's not gonna stop.
If you don't either,
Rhodey's gonna be
the best case scenario.
You let them go, Nat.
We played this wrong.
"We"?
Boy, it must be hard to
shake the whole
double agent thing, huh?
It sticks
in the DNA.
Are you incapable
of letting go of your ego...
for one goddamn second?
T'Challa told Ross
what you did, so...
they're coming for you.
I'm not the one that needs
to watch their back.
Yeah, okay.
Wise choice.
You'll wear the Eye of Agamotto...
once you've mastered its powers.
Until then...
best not to walk the streets
wearing an Infinity Stone.
A what?
You might have a gift for the mystic arts,
but you still have much to learn.
Word of the Ancient One's death
will spread through the Multiverse.
Earth has no Sorcerer Supreme
to defend it.
We must be ready.
We'll be ready.